the display of rare political unity in
Israel may be coming to an end first in
a televised interview opposition leader
Yer lepid demanded prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu
resign Israel has lost faith in the
Prime Minister we cannot allow ourselves
to conduct an extended war with a prime
minister that the public does not
trust then even more criticism of
Netanyahu from politicians this time
from his far-right Coalition partners
national security minister itar bavier
and Finance Minister bezel smotrich both
slamming the war cabinet's decision to
allow small amounts of fuel into Gaza
labeling the move a grave mistake
insisting it signals
weakness and while it's unclear how much
of a threat these internal divisions May
yet pose to the Prime Minister he's also
facing growing outrage about the way he
and his government handled the issue of
the captives still being held in Gaza
conventional political wisdom in Israel
holds that Prime Ministers typically get
a boost in popularity during times of
War but since October 7th survey after
survey suggests the opposite even as
most Israelis continue to Rally around
the flag and support the military pamin
netanyahu's approval ratings and Trust
in his leadership have plummeted to
alltime
lows when asked recently about public
condemnation of his leadership Netanyahu
deflected there will be a time for
politics now the public is United around
achieving our three targets destroying
Hamas returning our hostages and making
sure that the situation in Gaza won't
ever return to what it was
before so just how much political danger
is Netanyahu facing political analyst
Yoni bin manim says everything will
ultimately depend on the outcome of the
war in Gaza people want to revenge and
their dignity their national pride back
and you can get the national pride back
only by defeating
Kamas so this is the two things that
they want if Netanyahu can supply those
two things he has a chance maybe to
survive with all his political Maneuvers
but if he doesn't Supply it he's
finished while many have counted
Netanyahu out before Israel's longest
serving prime minister is also
considered the ultimate political
Survivor but the blame he's facing for
his government's intelligence failures
goes beyond mere crisis or Scandal and
is leading many to believe his days
could be numbered Muhammad jum AL jaaz
West
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer